oss(py): warn about `name` (#2525)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langchain/agents.mdx

For more details on message types and formatting, see [Messages](/oss/langchain/messages). For comprehensive middleware documentation, see [Middleware](/oss/langchain/middleware).
</Tip>

### Name

:::python
Set an optional @[`name`][create_agent(name)] for the agent. This is used as the node identifier when adding the agent as a subgraph in [multi-agent systems](/oss/langgraph/multi-agent):

```python
agent = create_agent(
    model,
    tools,
    name="research_assistant"
)
```
:::
:::js
Set an optional `name` for the agent. This is used as the node identifier when adding the agent as a subgraph in [multi-agent systems](/oss/langgraph/multi-agent):

```ts
const agent = createAgent({
  model,
  tools,
  name: "research_assistant",
});
```
:::

<Warning>

>     Prefer `snake_case` for agent names (e.g., `research_assistant` instead of `Research Assistant`). Some model providers reject names containing spaces or special characters with errors. Sticking to alphanumeric characters, underscores, and hyphens ensures compatibility across all providers. The same applies to [tool names](/oss/langchain/tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Prefer `snake_case` for agent names (e.g., `research_assistant` instead of `Research Assistant`). Some model providers reject names containing spaces or special characters with errors. Using alphanumeric characters, underscores, and hyphens only ensures compatibility across all providers. The same applies to [tool names](/oss/langchain/tools).
```
